[Music] This is the
team that has come before the team This is the team that has
come before the team We are the team,
we will keep on winning
We are one and only victory We are not
less than anyone Whatever goal we set, we will not leave until we achieve it
[Music]
We have made this time a million moments
[Music] Those who
join together, we are one rhythm All worries are
over We are the dream team We will keep on winning
We are one and only beings We are no
less than anyone If we become each other's strength, we will touch the
sky We do not back down from our promises We have
one thought, one intention, one dream
[Music] This is the
dream team, we will keep on winning
We are one and only team We are no less than anyone We will keep on
fighting every challenge No matter
how far the destination is, we will take the team
further ahead We have come before the team, this is the
team, we will keep on winning
We are the one and only team We are no
less than anyone We are one and only
being We are no less than anyone We are no
less than anyone
[Music]